Create css-cloned-site-token.md (#50)
thinkst/canarytokens-docs: docs/guide/css-cloned-site-token.md

# CSS Cloned Website Token

## What is a CSS Cloned Website Token

This Canarytoken is placed within either the CSS of your site, or inside a 3rd party site, where you may not be able to add JavaScript and notifies you if someone clones your site and hosts it on another domain. This can alert on targeted or Adversary-in-the-Middle (AitM) phishing attacks.

## Creating a CSS Cloned Website Token

> Create a token by choosing "CSS Cloned Website" from the drop down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a token by choosing "CSS Cloned Website" from the dropdown list.
```
